Preparation time 15 minutes
Cooking time 20-25 minutes
Serving 2

Ingredients
For Boiling Soya Nuggets
3-4 cups Water , पानी
½ tsp Sugar , चीनी
½ inch Ginger, chopped , अदरक
1 tsp Soy sauce , सोया सॉस
1 fresh Green chilli, slit in half , हरी मिर्च
1½ cups Soya Nuggets , सोया नगेट्स

For Frying Soya Nuggets
Boiled Soya Nuggets , उबले हुए सोया नगेट्स
2 tbsp Corn-starch , कॉर्न स्टार्च
Oil for frying , तलने के लिए तेल

For Sauces Mixture
3 tbsp Soy sauce , सोया सॉस
1 tsp Vinegar , सिरका
1 tsp Sugar , चीनी
1 tbsp Tomato ketchup , टाॅमेटो केचप
1 tbsp Red chilli sauce , रेड चिली सॉस

For Tempering
2 tbsp Oil , तेल
1-2 fresh Green chillies, chopped , हरी मिर्च
2 cloves Garlic, chopped , लहसुन
1 inch Ginger, chopped , अदरक
1 medium Onion, diced , प्याज
1 medium Capsicum, diced , शिमला मिर्च
Sauce mixture , सॉस का मिश्रण
Water , पानी
½ tsp Black pepper powder , काली मिर्च का पाउडर
4-5 tbsp Corn-starch slurry , कॉर्न स्टार्च का लीजाम
Fried Soya Nuggets , तले हुए सोया नगेट्स
Few Coriander leaves, roughly tron , धनिया पत्ता
1 whole Spring onion, cut in 1 inch pieces , प्याज पत्ता

For Garnish
Fresh Coriander leaves , धनिया पत्ता

Process
For Boiling Soya Nuggets
In a deep pan, add water once it starts boiling add sugar, ginger, soy sauce.
Add green chilli, soya nuggets and boil for 4-5 minutes. 
Until the water is completely soaked. 

For Frying Soya Nuggets 
In a bowl, add cornstarch, soaked soya nuggets and mix it well. 
Heat oil in a kadai, add soya nuggets and fry until it turns crisp from all the sides. 
Remove in an absorbent paper and keep it aside.

For Sauce Mixture 
In a bowl, add soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, tomato ketchup, red chilli sauce mix it well. 

For Tempering 
In a wok, add oil, once it's hot add green chilli, garlic, ginger and saute it well. 
Add onion, capsicum and saute on high flame till it slightly changes color. 
Add sauce mixture, water, black pepper powder.
Add  cornstarch slurry and mix until the gravy slightly thickens and turns glossy.
Add fried soya nuggets and toss everything well. 
Add coriander leaves, spring onion and toss it well. 
Garnish it with coriander leaves and serve hot
